Update theme structure (#11)
pxblue/react-native-themes: README.md

### Dark Theme

> To use the light theme in your application, simply wrap the app in a `Provider` and pass in your desired theme (`blueDark`).

Reviewer: Since this instruction is the same for both light and dark now, I would pull it up into the preceding paragraph and then have the dark/light subsections just show the code snippets.

Reviewer: And for dark theme, mention that users should use the wrapper components and reference the section below.

</ThemeProvider>
```

### React Native Paper Wrapper Components

> The theming mechanism for React Native Paper is a bit limited in the amount of customization available for components. Because of this, we updated the `ThemeColors` interface and created wrapper components to use in place of the standard React Native Paper components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default theme structure for React Native Paper components does not offer us enough control to make some components look exactly the way they should for PX Blue applications. Because of this, we have extended the default theme type definition (see below) and created wrapper components with the correct styles to use in place of the standard React Native Paper components.
```

> For best results, instead of using React Native Paper components directly, you should use the [PX Blue wrapper components](https://github.com/pxblue/react-native-component-library/tree/master/components/src/themed/readme.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for these components to look correct in your application, you should use the [PX Blue wrapper components](https://github.com/pxblue/react-native-component-library/tree/master/components/src/themed/readme.md) in place of the respective components from React Native Paper.
```

}
```

You will also need to add the following type definitions that are used within the custom `ThemeColors` interface.

```tsx
export type ThemeOverrides = {
    avatar: {
        background: string;
    };

    bottomNavigation: {
        inactive: string;
    };
    button: {
        contained: {
            text: {
                disabled: string;
            };
        };
    };
    chip: {
        outlined: {
            background: string;
        };
        flat: {
            background: string;
        };
    };
    snackbar: {
        accent: string;
    };
    toggleButtonGroup: {
        checked: {
            background: string;
        };
    };
};

export type ThemeOpacity = {
    disabled: number;
    divider: number;
    disabledBackground: number;
    actionOpacity: number;

> };

Reviewer: They shouldn't have to define these, they just need to import them from our theme package right? The only thing they should have to define is the global type for the theme.
